So, everyone's obsessing over Open Claw
and running AI agents like it's some
crazy hacker flex. But here's what most
people won't tell you. You do not need
to actually install OpenClaw on your
computer to make money with AI. And I've
been doing this for a while now. And I
have some verified methods that I'm
going to give you in this video because
the real opportunity it isn't
babysitting a openclaw bot on a local
setup. It's taking the same AI agent
logic and turning it into something that
businesses will actually pay for. And
people will argue about, you know, what
is the best open- source method of using
an agent, whether it's installing it on
your computer or having it run
cloud-based. It's not about that. I'm
cloning myself and my team into an AI
chat agent that lives on websites. It
captures leads. It answers questions,
and it sells 24/7. I package that up
into a paid service for small
businesses. Now, this is exactly what
I'm going to be breaking down in this
video. I'm going to give you my prompts
that I use for Claudebot and all those
things. And I'm going to show you how to
do this exact thing. But first, why
should you listen to me? Well, I am
somebody that makes a full-time income
from working with small businesses. I am
a practitioner of what I preach. I have
already collected a $997
payment. I'm going to refresh my Square
account. This is from working with small
businesses. $997. You can see today's
March 2nd. collected this today from a
small business for helping them grow
their business. So, as I said, I do what
I teach. And I'm not saying that you're
going to be able to just push a button
and replicate my success, get a $997
client overnight or, you know, an $8,500
client for AI and Google search
optimizations like this. I'm showing you
these numbers so that I can qualify
myself as somebody who is a credible
source of information because I believe
that right now there is a real low
amount of credible sources of
information on the internet. And as I
said, I am somebody that practices what
I preach. And so in this video, I'm
going to be showing you how I skipped
the complicated setup of a Claudebot
setup on my computer. I mean, I did it,
but how you can if you want to. I moved
the core agent into a online knowledge
base now running 24/7. It turns a
website into an AI powered agent and how
you can turn that same concept into a
recurring revenue offer because as I
said, the money isn't in the tool, it's
how you deploy it. Now, real quick, if
you like this topic of building an
online business using AI tools to get
subscription-based clients, then I'd
like to do something special for you and
offer you my four-part AI FastTrack
training. This is a four-part series
where we spend even more time together
and I give you tactics and strategies
just like the ones that I'm going to
share with you in this video to get
clients and small businesses to pay you
to help them with their services. So, if
you like it, please just be sure to
subscribe to my channel. Like this video
if you haven't already. Not required,
but always appreciated. Consider sharing
this video with a friend who should get
going with this business model. And then
just comment below and I will send you a
direct link to the FastTrack training,
the software, and the other bonuses that
I'm going to be including in this video.
Which speaking of bonuses, I have this
entire prompt document outlined for you.
I've got my master prompt here that I
use for my Claudebot guy, girl, whatever
you want to call them. And then I got a
master prompt that I use for
transitioning what I have done in
Clawbot into a uh knowledge base to help
me build an AI agent that runs 24/7.
[snorts] So this is what I have in store
for the video. This is a timeline. We're
going to talk more about OpenClaw and AI
agents. I'm going to share with you
these steps are not in order. Step one,
step four, step three. Step one, what is
OpenClaw and AI agent. Step two, how I
flipped it into an AI website service.
And step three, how to make money with
this. And I see a lot of you in the
chat. I'm going to circle back to all
your questions. Make sure you stick with
me here. I appreciate you guys showing
up live. So, OpenClaw, for those of you
that have been living under rock, is
this open source bot. It originally was
called Claudebot. It changed its name
three or four or five times because
there was some kind of scam going around
where these crypto bros, people,
whatever you want to call them, they
basically hijacked the name Cloudbot
into a coin. Uh, basically hijacked some
of the traffic that was going on because
this tool was going viral because it is
a very valuable thing. It is essentially
a autonomous agent that you install on
your computer. It can clear your inbox.
It can send emails. It can manage your
calendar. It can check you in for
flights. It can do all of that from your
phone, from Telegram, from WhatsApp. And
so it is super valuable. However, you do
have to in most cases install it on your
computer, which is a security risk. So
Cloudbot is badass. Most people went
online and they started buying, you
know, Mac minis specifically to dedicate
them to what they were doing with
OpenClaw. Now, for me, I saw a lot of
promise in this. I saw a lot of value in
it. I immediately got one set up and
started playing with it. The piece I
didn't like is having it installed on my
computer and having unrestricted access
and control over these different things
and these assets. So, I decided that I
wanted to take this even further. So, I
use I'm going to give you some use cases
what I use it for, right? OpenClaw, it's
an autonomous AI agent runs on your own
machine. So, I use OpenClaw for helping
me get more customers, more small
businesses. So, you can see this is a
screenshot of like what I have OpenClaw
set up for. It automatically sends
messages out and I took the screenshot
today. It finds businesses in my area
and I have it automatically reaching out
doing cold outreach. Now I connect those
outreach methods, those people that say,
"Hey, yeah, this is great with paid
services." And you know, this is how I
land deals like the one I shared with
you in this video, you know, in my
Square account where I refresh it
earlier. This is not a screen
screenshot. So, instead of me having to
go out there and call businesses, which
I have somebody on my team calling
businesses right now, instead of me or
somebody else on my team, I can actually
have an AI agent doing exactly that. It
can do manual outreach. Now, uh you can
do this on this is LinkedIn. You can see
I'm sending messages to people on
LinkedIn. I'm sending it to people on
Gmail. Now, there's a huge value in
this, right? Um obviously, and you can
sell this outreach method to people, to
businesses. Some of you might be wanting
me to set this up for you. I'm sure it
there's a lot a big value ad. Now, you
can also do what I do, which is have it
set up inbound. So, if somebody were to
call my company's phone number, it would
pick up the phone and say, "Hey, this is
mine marketing. How can we help you?"
And try to move that person into either
a customer success appointment or a
sales opportunity for somebody else on
our team. and then it will take a
message, schedule appointment in
somebody's calendar, or even if they're
really hot and bothered, then they can
actually get them closer to potentially
sending an invoice and taking a payment.
So, this is kind of like and it can do
so many more things than that, but you
know, for me, I'm an I'm an agency guy,
right? Like, I run an AI marketing
company. This is us. This is my team.
We're out in Hawaii. We were recently
recognized as the second fastest growing
company. And it's because a lot of
business owners right now, they have
what I'm calling AI guilt. They know
about AI. They know that they should be
using it, but they have no idea where to
start. And they are probably a little
worried that other people like their
competitors are taking advantage of AI
and they are not. They're being left
behind. And so this opportunity where
small businesses have what we're calling
AI guilt allows us for unique
opportunity to do things like use Open
Claw, Clawbot, whatever you want to call
it to help them and then [clears throat]
also even help yourself, right? Like
connect with those exact businesses. Pro
tip, almost every business out there
right now has AI guilt because they're
busy running their business. They're not
like you and me. They're on these videos
watching and training and learning these
types of tactics. So when you come at at
them with this type of messaging right
now automated on autopilot about AI,
they're like, "Hey, how can you help me
with that?" You know, so as I said, step
one, we're going to talk about OpenClaw
and AI agents in general. So Open Claw
is not a new technology in the sense of
underneath it, it's just an AI agent,
right? An autonomous agent. You can
think of an autonomous agent as a tool
like chat GBT. ChatGBT is yes an AI. You
can ask it questions and it gives you
answers. You can give a tool like
openclaw action steps. Build me this
website. Open my email. Respond to this
respond to this email. Book me a flight.
You can ask it to do many things. It
will actually take action. And that's
essentially what an autonomous AI agent
is. And so there's no, you know, you can
let your creativity go wild on how you
can have these things actually help you
to do things and and streamline your
life. But I say all that to say that the
technology behind OpenClaw being an AI
agent is not new. And it really kind of
came about last March with Manis AI.
That's a tool that I use religiously and
every single day and have been making a
lot of videos on it since then. But the
difference between the two, and now
there are lots of other AI agents out
there, right? But the difference between
the two is if you were to just install
this thing in your computer right now,
it could just use or use all of the apps
that you have set up, right? It could
use your Facebook, it could use your
Twitter, it has basically unrestricted
access to be you. If your computer and
your devices are essentially your
cockpit of your life, it is the driver.
It's with you in the driver's seat and
it can do these things for you. So AI
agents and OpenClaw really as I've
experimented and dabbled and put them
into place and used them and really
streamlined and grown my business and
helped other people as well. I really
learned this about AI agents. AI agents
are very simple. They really need
structured instructions, which is
exactly what I've created for my AI
agents that I use in my business. They
use this information as sort of a
storage stored knowledge to answer
questions and they act based on clear
goals. And if you have all these things,
if you have this information on specific
tasks or roles, then you can really have
a home run for an AI agent to help you
save time, make more money, do things
that you don't necessarily want to do.
And so if you have all these things,
these things can run and they don't have
to run locally. They don't actually have
to be in your computer. and you don't
have to run the risk of that actually
happening. So, I'm going to show you how
to do that. But, as I said, I'm going to
give you my prompt and all all the stuff
like my master prompt that I used to
turn this into a knowledge base. So,
this is actually my main uh support
document that I use for my clawbot,
openclaw bot originally. I had such a
hard time keeping track of the names.
So, I use this OpenClaw agent to just
give you some some context as a as
mainly an inbound sales support and
customer success agent. So, when
everybody calls our phone number, they
can get an inbound salesperson. If a
existing customer has an issue, they can
have that issue solved by one of these
uh agents. Okay? So, you know, the job
outlined for this this bot is to qualify
inbound leads, move prospects towards
booking a call, support existing clients
with clarity and speed. And if you've
never done any of this before, you guys
stick with me here because I'm going to
show you, you know, an interface here.
This is the interface that I use for
these agents to get this stuff set up
that makes it very easy and userfriendly
for me. Okay? So, stick with me here.
You don't have to be a technical expert
to get this set up. You really just need
a user interface like this, which allows
you to make things easier. So these AI
agents, inbound receptionist, sales
agent, customer success, these are all
valuable things, right? I know many of
you, let me know in the chat if these
are things that you would probably find
valuable for you and your business, your
side hustle, your freelancing career,
whatever you're doing right now. If you
said yes, of course, there are thousands
and millions of other businesses out
there that obviously feel the same. And
so I'm starting to plant some seeds here
on why this is such a valuable thing
that you can be offering to people. So,
OpenClaw taught me these things about AI
agents. Obviously, I mentioned a lot of
the business owners out there right now,
they have AI guilt. This creates an
opportunity for us to make money with
AI. So, here's how I moved the concept
of having my OpenClaw agent running on
my computer into a tool called
Highlevel, which I'm giving you 30 days
free, by the way, of this tool. It's
called High Level. You can see it here.
This video is not exhaustive training
about high level, but I am going to talk
about the AI agents feature built right
into here, which makes it very easy to
have an AI agent packaged up in a way
that you can sell to businesses and also
use for yourself in the same way that I
use OpenClaw to run my business and do
the same things except it's in a much
more sandbox area with clear
instructions. And if you're not
technical, you don't feel comfortable
installing something like that on your
computer, having unrestricted access,
this is for you. So, if you're tuning in
live, I'm going to share the link with
you in a second, how to get access to my
FastTrack training, the bonus document,
and 30 days free to high level so that
you can follow along, hopefully get your
first client or your next client if you
already have some clients. But I am
going to now start to kind of talk about
how I move this concept in high level.
So, I took my open call instructions, I
simplified them, and then I uploaded
them into a knowledge base. So, a
knowledge base, it's pretty cool. So,
this is high level, right? So, in high
level, you have this AI agents tab. Let
me zoom in a little bit for all my peeps
with the bad eyes, AI agents. And I have
what's called a voice AI. Now, a voice
AI, let me see if I can move my little
head up here for you. So, a a voice AI
is essentially with Highle, you can buy
a phone number in any area code for a
dollar, which is great. And if somebody
were to call that phone number, if you
wanted, you could connect that phone
number to be picked up by a voice AI by
a voice AI agent. Well, what does a
voice AI agent know what to say or have
goals or how does it respond for your
company or for your client's company?
Well, you can do things like create a
knowledge base. So, let me move my
little head over here again. You can
create a knowledge base. So, if I look
in this knowledge base here, you can see
I have a I have a So, here you go. You
can create a knowledge base, which is
let me actually break this down a little
more simple terms. So, an AI agent,
right? It can act as you or another
person on your team, but it is an AI
agent on its own. How does it get that
information? Well, normally if I were to
have somebody on my team that I wanted
to know everything about my company, I
would have to give them a course. They
have to sit there for a few hours. They
would have to learn all that stuff about
my company or maybe they could be in
person and I could train them
individually. This is how people usually
share information and groom people to do
different things. There's a cost
associated with this, right? You have to
be there in person. They have to be
there in person. and they have to learn
all that stuff. They have to implement
that stuff. Somebody has to be there to
train them or somebody has to be there
to create the course. And that costs
money. That costs time. I'm giving you
all this because this is why people
would pay for this exact thing that I'm
going to be giving to you. So for me,
what I do with a knowledge base is what
if you could just crawl a website. When
I say crawl a website, you go to the
website crawler section. You add a
source. You type in a URL. So if it's my
company minomarketing.com
now I hit extract data. This tool will
go out there. You can see it says
fetching pages. It's going out and it's
crawling every single page on my
website. So this is my website right
minor marketing. It's crawling all this
information. It's getting all the
specific information, the services, the
about you know all the stuff that we
sell, the ethos of the company, whatever
is on our page. Arguably, it would take
time for me to train somebody on this
stuff, teach them how to do this stuff
or learn more about the company. But
right now, I can actually just have this
tool crawl the entire website. So, you
can see how very quickly, and you can
make the argument that most businesses
have all the most important information,
customerf facing information on their
website. So, don't you agree that being
able to crawl this information and put
it all in a knowledge base right here
just by pressing that button is pretty
damn cool. It's very efficient. kind of
makes you feel like you're Neo in the
Matrix when he gets plugged in the
matrix for the first time. He becomes a
black belt level kung fu guy with just a
few seconds. And this is really why I
got really interested in this concept of
AI agents because I have a lot of
people's on my team. I have they have a
lot of information that is super
valuable. You know, we have a lot of
processes in our company. How to get
clients, how to grow our business, how
to deliver the services, how to optimize
a website for AI search, how to run
Google ads, all these things. Well,
what's crazy is it would take me a long
time to teach all those things to you or
somebody on your team. But if I had all
those things in PDF format, which I do,
you can see these are all PDFs that
contain all the specific information of
our company's standard operating
procedures. I'm going to I'm going to
pull some of them up for you just so you
can see what I mean by this because I do
think it's valuable, right? Most
companies have what are called standard
operating procedures. Like if you were
going to go buy a Chick-fil-A as a
franchise, what they would do is they
would give you a I'm just imagining, but
if you're going to buy a franchise, that
business has systems and processes that
are already built, and they can sell
that to you. So, you can open your own
little Chick-fil-A at your house or
where you live, and you can have it set
up just like them, and you can make the
same exact awesome chicken sandwiches
that Chick-fil-A makes, but in your
hometown. How do they do that? Systems
and processes. So they document how to
make the burger, how to make the bun,
how to get the chicken, how to put it
all together, how like what's the
temperature, all those things
documented. And it's the same thing for
businesses that are massive and and even
small and growing, right? We're a
multi-million dollar company, but I can
show you right now, we have folders with
all of our systems and processes here.
Like this is our customer success,
right? These are all Google documents.
You know, if I open up this system here
about monthly reporting, for example,
all this information, it outlines if
somebody was brand new and they're going
to become a customer success person,
they could come in here and they could
read this document and it would tell
them everything to know about how to
create a report that goes out to one of
our clients. So, you can see how this is
super valuable, right? I've spent the
last decade of my life building out all
these SOPs and I've trained many people
in my team. I've hired, I've recruited,
I've brought tons of people in. And
every time I have to bring a new people,
new person in, it takes time to train
them. But now with AI, you can just drop
all those PDFs into a knowledge base.
And that's what I do in high level. I
create knowledge bases. I have a
knowledge base where the AI agent crawls
my website. I upload all the files and
then I create a frequently asked
question. I upload my company knowledge
base, you know. So, we have we actually
have a company knowledge base right here
where you can see, you know, all the
most frequently asked questions that we
get. So, by the time I'm done uploading
all those documents and giving it the
knowledge base and letting it crawl the
website, wouldn't you agree that this AI
agent is pretty damn well-versed in my
marketing? Like, it's pretty freaking
knowledgeable. And if you were to go
there and you were to, let's say, open
up a voice AI call, that AI agent could
actually talk to you and give you some
very legit information about my
business. If you wanted to open up a
conversation AI, aka a chatbot, right?
You can have a chat widget on your
website that's connected to this
knowledge base. You could help people
with their pre-purchasing questions or
issues that they have about your
business. Now, this is super valuable,
not only for me, but for small
businesses. And I'm kind of outlining to
you what it looks like. You know, you
can charge businesses $1,000 to $2,500
setup fee to get all this set up, right?
A knowledge base with FAQs, you know,
having all of the lead routing going to
the, you know, most specific places to
the different sales reps or customer
success. And then you can charge them
$300 to $497 a month to help them with
ongoing maintenance. Right? With High
Level, this is very easy because you
just resell one of these. So, the nice
thing about HighLevel is you can just
resell this. You can brand it for your
company and you resell this whole
software suite of tools for people. So,
let's say, you know, you're like me and
you get this business to uh pay you like
the one that we got earlier today, $997
to pay you to set up something like
this. Well, what I would do is I would
just come here and I would create a new
sub account for them and then they would
get this entire suite of tools and then
I could use this AI agent setup to build
a knowledge base. And the first thing I
would do is crawl their website and ask
the client if they had any spec specific
files or documentation we wanted to
upload. And then we have that knowledge
base and all that's left is really to
connect it with a phone number or a chat
widget that they could put on their
website. And so at that point they would
have a customer success rep. They would
have a inbound support rep and you can
obviously get cool and start to connect
that with outbound voice AI as well.
There are limitations with that but this
is something that you can enable here in
high level right here. Enable outbound
calls. So by the way you guys I know
I've talked about a lot of stuff. I am
going to be talking more about all of my
SOPs and client getting methods that I
have been sharing today at my AI master
class coming up this Wednesday. So this
Wednesday, first time, first webinar
I've done in over a year. You can go
there nickponty.ai/masterclass.
Go there right now to register. It's
completely free. I've been working on
this presentation for probably the
better half of four four weeks at this
point and I'm working things out all the
way up until the point tomorrow,
Wednesday, I don't even know what day it
is cuz I'm trying to give as much value
as I possibly can to my community. So, I
do hope that I will see you there and
we're going to be talking more about AI
agents and especially SOPs, right? All
these SOPs, these standard operating
procedures are the in of work inner
workings. again how my company was
recognized as the second fastest growing
company in Hawaii. You know, if you had
all these SOPs, you would essentially
have a blueprint of my entire company.
And if you dropped them into a tool like
this into the knowledge base, then you
probably wouldn't have to hire as many
people. You could use I mean, you could
use those AI agents for yourself. You
could use them for other people and you
could charge a fee and profit in the
process. So, let me jump back to my
slides real quick because I want to make
sure I stay on track. I talked about
what OpenClaw is and AI agents and how
I've turned that into an AI website
service. I have one more piece of this
and then we're going to talk about how
to actually find businesses to pay you
for this. Somebody says, "Can you put
the masterclass link in the chat?" Yes,
I can. One second here. Although it's
not a very difficult link to see or link
to type, you can see it right there on
your screen. So, here's the other thing,
and I think I kind of probably didn't do
a good job about sharing this on on this
live stream. So, as I said, you have a
knowledge base with all that
information. Right now, you have two
options if you want to use this on your
website or connect it to a phone number.
You guys think we should try one of
these? Let me try let me let me share
with you an example of what one of these
things can do. So, this is Audrey. This
is my agent list. I am actually going to
call it right now live so you guys can
see and hear what it looks like. But
what I have here is the knowledge base
hooked up to Audrey and I've given you
what I call my master prompt right here
in this bonus document for this video
where I've taken this entire SOP that I
use in Claudebot and I've built a master
prompt that I just use in the knowledgeb
section. You have the knowledge base
right here. Select a knowledge base
master prompt. And this is exactly my AI
agent that I'm giving you just for
watching this video. So like, subscribe,
comment below. I'll send this over to
you in the prompt document for this
video. But I do want to I do want to
test it with you just so you guys can
see uh what it sounds like, what it, you
know, what it's like. So you can choose
many different languages, which is
pretty cool. Filipino, Ukrainian,
German, Italian, French, Portuguese. I'm
Portuguese. That could be a cool
language to go with. You can choose the
voice. I don't have my audio hooked up
to play my um screen, but I'm going to
call the phone anyway so you can hear
what it sounds like. And so you set the
goals what you want this AI agent to do
during the call. I have it set up to
book support tickets, make an
appointment, collect information from
the business or whoever is calling so
that we can get them potentially closer
to a sale. And then you have logs where
you can review all this stuff and see,
you know, who's calling and what's
happened and monitor the agent for
quality control. Now, this is obviously
again why you could get paid monthly for
this service. $1,000 to $2,500 onetime
fee, but also $300 to $500 a month to
maintain and manage the service. And
they get not only do they get the
software, but they get you to help them
kind of manage it. So, if you use High
Level, like I mentioned, you know, you
can resell this software to as many
people as you want. And, you know, you
can charge that $500 per month. So, you
can have a little software business
without actually creating your own
software. So, let's call this AI agent.
I have to pull my screen off cuz I have
to type in my phone number. And so I'm
going to hit call to test my agent.
Let's see. Got to turn off the do not
disturb. Hello. Who are you?
>> I didn't catch that. Could you let me
know how I can assist you?
>> What did you say your name was?
>> Sure. My name is Audrey and I'm with
Mina Marketing. How can I assist you
today?
>> Can you help me grow my business?
>> Absolutely. to get started. Could you
tell me a bit about your business and
what you're looking to improve? Leads,
follow-ups, there's something else.
>> Can you guys help me get more customers
through Google?
>> Got it. Mina Marketing specializes in
helping businesses attract more
customers through tools like Google Ads
and SEO. Are you looking to start right
away or just exploring options?
>> Yeah, I'd like to start right away.
>> Perfect. Let's book a quick discovery
call to dive into your needs. I'll check
available times for you. One moment.
Here are some available times for a
discovery call tip.
>> So, obviously I'm doing this on the fly,
you guys. I'm doing it really quickly. I
could fine-tune it to make it better,
but how badass do you feel like that is,
right? It goes immediately. And if you
use this in the high level and it has
interface, this is the the benefit of
not running it locally on your computer
like Claudebot, by the way, using an AI
agent in a tool like high level because
this is really spilt spilt built
specifically. High Level is built
specifically for people like us that are
trying to make money and help businesses
in our area. We're trying to run, you
know, AI marketing companies. And so it
does a really good job packaging up all
the best services to grow a business
like AI agents, you know, building
websites, creating a customer database,
sending emails, sending SMSs, all those
things. And so this just makes it so
easy to have this interface where I can,
you know, scrape a website. I can have
it crawl a website in the knowledge
base. I can upload all the documents,
giving it all the information that it
needs to train it, and then I just
connect it to a phone number. So, what
do you guys think about that? Are you
guys getting value out of that? Are you
seeing how this is something that
obviously could be beneficial to you and
your business, but also people that
have, you know, receptionists, have
incoming calls, incoming leads. I think
so. So, that's the voice AI side of it.
Right now, you can have the conversation
AI where it's basically the same thing.
You can have the And by the way, this is
the widget. So you can have this widget
pop up on your website. So anytime
somebody goes to your website, this
widget pops up and if they press this
button, call us here, they will get that
AI agent that you built. So whether
that's for your business or for your
client's business, super valuable. Now,
if you want to turn off the voice agent
and you just want to go to conversation,
you can do it that way, too. So if I go
to the sites and I go to the chat widget
section, you can set up a chat widget to
pop up like this. And if they ask any
questions, then the information would
come directly from the knowledge base.
So this is all super valuable stuff
again for you, for me, for customers.
Now, the only thing left is for you to
have like if you want to get paid, if
you really want to get started with
this, the only thing left for you to be
to do would be to find a business that
needs one of these installed on their
website, right? Well, fortunately for
you, I'm going to give you one of my
best methods that I have that plenty of
people have followed along, gotten
clients with. You know, remember the
reason that I have so many verified,
documented success stories, verified
revenue of people in my community that
have grown their business. You know,
Teresa is saying, "I got my first
client, $1,700." Benella says, "Four
clients already." I'm not saying you're
going to push button replicate this
stuff. Full disclaimer, these are action
takers. They're willing to put in the
work. They're willing to follow
instructions. But the reason that my
stuff works better than everybody else
is out there is because I'm actually
doing this stuff. I'm actually talking
to businesses on a regular basis. I'm
using these tools on a regular basis.
Open claw, uh, high level, all these
things. And when you encounter somebody
that's actually doing these things on a
day-to-day, they can speak about it in a
way that most others cannot. when you
encounter somebody who is rehashing old
information or potentially, you know,
one of my favorite things right now is
to see somebody who is creating content,
teaching people how to do things to
build like an AI agency or to build an
agency when they don't have an agency of
their own. Like you can look them up,
they don't have an agency or or they
say, "Yeah, I I started and I exited an
agency." Dude, if you exited an agency
before the AI boom, which is like the
last year, does it even matter? Does the
information that they even have, is it
actually relevant? This market is
changing so fast that the information
that you guys need right now is from
somebody who is actually doing this. If
they did this 6 months ago for
themselves, but they sold their
business, they're no longer even
relevant. Like, it's just changing that
fast. And so the stuff that I'm sharing
with you, why it's sounding like it
probably makes a little more sense is
cuz I'm actually doing this. Like I
said, I'm a practitioner and I'm going
to be talking more about this stuff on
the master class this Wednesday. It's
totally free for you to attend. I would
love to see you there. Now, I said I'm
going to give you a method to go out
there and get a client. And I see the
chat questions and all that stuff come
in and I will circle back as soon as I
give you this method because I do want
to overd deliver like I do in every
single video. I make it a point to overd
deliver. So, I've shown you how to use
an AI agent, how to get it set it up,
voice conversation, build a knowledge
base. The only thing left for you would
be to find somebody who needs one of
these actually installed on their
website, right? Well, the best way to do
that is first just find somebody who
actually needs a website. Because if you
find somebody who needs a website, you
can give them an irresistible offer, an
already done website, which normally you
could charge $2,000 for, but you're
willing to give it to them for $100 or
$500 or free as long as they want to
have an AI agent set up on their
website. So that's what a foot in the
door strategy is, right? So we find
somebody that has a problem. In this
case, it would be somebody who does not
have a website. The solution would be an
already built website. I'm going to show
you how to use High Level to get this
thing set up in just a few clicks in
almost any industry. You do not have to
be a technical expert.
So, how to find somebody that needs a
website, how to offer them an
irresistible offer. Once you get that
set up, now you can sell them the more
expensive stuff, right? Because they
have a website, now they need an AI
agent on there. So, how do we find
people that need a website? The easiest
way is you just go to Google. You go to
Google and you type in, you know, any
industry, pool cleaner, Dallas, and the
map pack is the first thing that's going
to pop up here. And you can see that
every business has a pin on the map. And
there's an icon here that says website.
Now, if I go to more places, and I just
scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll.
Everybody has a website, website,
website until they don't. Crystal Clear
Pool Service does not have a website.
Now, why do they not have a website?
Maybe they used to. Maybe they lost
their website person. Maybe they don't
know where to find one. Maybe it's too
expensive for them. Well, that's where
you come in. You can come in and you can
say, "Okay, crystal clear pool service,
right? This is what you do. If you're
brand new, you especially want to pay
specifically like really close attention
to this. I want you to go to high level,
go to the website section. Remember, I'm
giving you 30 days free in my FastTrack
training to follow along. And, you know,
you can use this to get your first
paying customer like self-funded. You go
to the website section and then you can
either build with AI. Let me move my
little talking head again. You can
either hit this button, build with AI,
or I just recommend you go to new
website and you can choose from one of
their thousands of templates. Thousands
of templates in almost every industry,
marketing, medical, legal, insurance,
home services, wellness, financial,
e-commerce, I mean landscaper. Let's say
I found a landscaper. Landscaping. Let's
say I found a landscaping company that
didn't have a website. Well, what I
would do is I would just pick this one
and I could have this beautiful
landscaping website set up just by
clicking this button and it literally
takes a couple of minutes. Somebody says
a Facebook or Instagram page does not
count as a website. Yes, I completely
agree. Some people will have a Facebook
page set up to their Google business
profile here in Maps, but that doesn't
even count. If you find somebody that
has a Facebook page hooked up, then it's
an easy sell why they should have a
website. And also, do you have an AI
agent connected to your site booking
appointments for you? They're probably
going to say no. And then you're going
to say, well, I can help you with that,
too. But first step, let's give you a
great website. I can have it live for
you within 24 hours. How do you do that?
Well, you just come here in high level.
You pick a template. You can have it
live with live for them in just a few
minutes. Actually, this is what it looks
like. And I'm going to give you an email
template in the prompt document, you
guys, to reach out to this business and
turn them into a paying customer
offering this the irresistible offer.
So, look, this website's live. There's
already a it's on a URL. So, you can go
here. You can check it out. You could
actually send them a text message. You
could send them an email. You could
spend a little time here changing the
headline, making it look more
personalized to them. You do not need to
be a technical expert. It's all drag and
drop. You have the ability to add and
remove images. Don't you think that you
could have this website customized and
set up for somebody who doesn't have one
enough to peique their interest in
probably 10 to 15 minutes? I think you
could. I know you could. How do I know
you could? Because I have plenty of
people that are following along that are
actually doing this stuff. So once you
find somebody who has a problem, they
need a website, you create the website
in advance. This is why it works so well
because you got to start in advance. You
don't you don't reach out to them and
say, "Hey, I could build you a website."
You build a website now. And once you
actually set it up and personalize it
for them, then you're going to send them
this email. You can take a screenshot of
this email or you can just comment and
I'll send you this this prompt document
with all the prompts from this video.
Subject line says, I built this website
for a different landscaping company. I'm
letting it go for $100 or for free. And
you just let them know, I was checking
out, you know, whatever industry you're
in, wherever you are, pool cleaner
companies in Dallas, and notice you
don't have a website. I get it. You're
busy running your business and building
a website from scratch is a hassle, not
to mention expensive. Here's the deal. I
recently built a professional roofing
website. You can change this if you
want. You can either say, "I built it
for a client, but they ended up going a
different way. Normally, I sell these
for $3,000, but since it's already done,
I'm just looking to liquidate it for
$100 or $200 or $500, whatever you want,
or for free, as long as you might be
interested in working with me in the
future. It's designed to bring in leads,
looks great on mobile, and I can have it
set up for you running in 48 hours or
less." And you just add the link. Now,
this works well because it takes away
all the risk. Most people don't have a
website because they don't know who to
call to get one. They don't have the
money to afford one. You're pricing it
low, so it's cost effective. You're
sending them a link. It's already done.
They're a lot of people don't have a
website because they don't want to go
through the time it takes to actually
build one. Since you make it as easy as
humanly possible by working 10 minutes
in advance, setting up one of these
templates, the barrier to say yes is
extremely low. And you have to do that
to be successful. You have to make it
easy, as easy as possible, especially if
you're brand new. And so once they say
yes to this, you just get this thing set
up for them. And the next step, the next
logical step is to say, "Hey, do you
guys have an AI agent, a voice AI agent
hooked up to your website? I can do
that, too." And then offer to them.
That'll just cost $1,000 and a $297 a
month charge. It's set up to bring
people in, answer customers, close
deals, and book appointments for you. Do
you think that that would be valuable to
your business? Yes. So again, you guys,
I got the AI master class. If you're
getting value out of what I'm sharing
today, there's going to be a lot more of
that in the AI master class. It's free.
You can go to the link on your screen,
check it out. I'm going to answer the
questions here before we get out of
here. Somebody's asking for the link to
the FastTrack training. I'm going to put
that in the chat for you live. There's
the FastTrack training. Somebody wanted
a direct link to sign up for the 30 days
free of high level through me with my
other bonuses. 30 days of high level. I
appreciate you all showing up live with
me. Let's see. Somebody says, "This is a
side hustle for sure. Sell it to
residential home service and business
owners 100%." Somebody says, "Think I
can do this as a side hustle." That's he
was responding. Appreciate you, Tanya
answering helping out like people in the
chat. Clear media [snorts] marketing
says Nick is right. A lot of people
registered for the master class. Echoes
of horror. I just put my high level
affiliate link in there. Somebody says,
"Build the website in high level.
Personalize it. Invoice them. Offer a
upsell. Rinse and repeat." Yes, that's
literally exactly. You got it. You
nailed it. I'm sure you're going to be
successful if you follow that strategy.
And if you need more community, more
strategy, go to the nickponty.ai/AI
masterasterclass. I will see you guys
there on Wednesday. Yes, it is live. And
hope you guys got some value. Like and
subscribe. Consider sharing this video
with a friend who should get going with
this business model. Leatherface says
he's closing his first deal this week
with me because of me. Thank you.
Appreciate you all. Nicole, good. Glad
to see you here, too. Tanya Leatherface.
Hey Leatherface, [clears throat] would
you be so kind as to jump in the AI
control room? It's my free community
here and just share about that win that
you have here. It's a community that I
just started. If you guys are are live
too here, I'll put the link in the chat
for you. It's also going to be in the
description of this video, but it is a
free community where I just share
strategies of what I'm doing, help
support people to get their first or
their next clients. You guys can join,
too. But I would appreciate you sharing
that win so I can highlight you in the
community with like all these other guys
here that are following along in the
strategies that I share to get clients
to grow their business. So with that you
guys, I will see you in the next one.
Enjoy the rest of your